guys man okay last week I made the
biggest mistake of my anime / manga
reviewing life I read up on this arc
that we're currently in sort of online
you know thinking that it would be you
know some more filler type stuff that we
got with the you know Thor thing
although that was awesome to me from my
own personal reasons you know this arc
is going to be amazing it's going to be
the saddest shit you've ever seen in
short our online and arguably better
than part one and I'm not sure about the
death gun art because that was fucking
amazing but it you know everyone has
their own preferences and personally I
think it's up there yo this arc is just
going oh my god i'm not going to spoil
anything but if you're watching this
review and if you are trying to decide
whether you want to finish with this arc
because it's technically in game stuff
you know there's like not any threats
like that gun or anything watched and
shit your watch man oh my god watch this
arc it is fucking amazing but I made the
mistake of reading this stuff this this
masterpiece because like I said I didn't
think it was gonna be all that important
I thought it was just going to be you
know some more bullshit but yo I really
wish I didn't so I can see what's going
to happen in the last few episodes and
be surprised and give you guys a legit
reaction oh my god ok with that being
said man is arcus fucking it's gonna be
amazing anyway with that being said all
sinners mom is a biatch now I understand
where she's coming from because I mean
take it from me as someone who's 22
years old and who's been through school
and all that stuff college is where you
want to be you do want to go there like
you know there's so many doors that open
up for you if you complete college like
I didn't go at first and then I realized
I hate you no this isn't how I want
things to turn out so i went back and
let's just say that things turned out a
lot better
for me because of that so I can
understand why her mom wants her to go
to college but I mean she seems like
she's forcing her to make these dislike
she's making these decisions for her and
arranged marriages stuff no I don't dig
that but don't think I agree with her
about it's the college thing because she
she needs to go me I mean I'm not sure
how the economy is over there in Japan
but trust me you need that shit over
here you unless you have like a ball
man's family or a delicious ass job but
you gotta hook up just the fact that
she's talking down about carrito and the
school or the facility that she's in at
this time so much I know that that's the
part that makes her the beach because I
mean there's one thing to do good by
your daughter and wanting to have a good
life and then just totally trying to
live your life through your daughter
that's that's two completely different
things and then when alsana said you're
just mad because you've never had a
chance to grow up like this because your
parents weren't rich and when I mean you
could tell awesome to hit the nail on
the fuckin head there because he said a
you get your ass back here right now an
Austin I just walked off like a boss but
like I said I am mixed on her mom
because she does want the best for her
but how she's going about it it's just
really fucked up and I'm glad when
Austin I said that you're the reason I
almost got raped by the asshole back in
season 1 i'm glad she said that she
didn't like him too because if she was
like well he would have made you rich or
you know you should have dealt with it
or something like that I really would
have hated her character and this is
also the first time we've actually seen
Austin's mom correct if I'm wrong she
may have had a small cameo bag of part
one but I really don't remember seeing
her but second we a man I got to dive
right into this year second is such an
awesome character just the fact that
carrito had to go so far as to ask her
you're living in this world aren't you
like this this is your real world like
man I'm not gonna spoil anything but oh
my god that line means so much but
second is a fucking badass I mean she
countered awesomeness quadruple pain and
that's the thing that there's like a
million stabs at once if she countered
all that shit like a
second and there's a reason why she's so
badass and I really wish I didn't spoil
myself but second is or at yuki AKA
second is one of my favorite characters
in this series and one of my favorite
anime characters period now and it's not
because she was awesome in this episode
it's for its for things that's going to
happen later on and if you haven't
watched the opening a lot of scenes have
changed so you may want to watch that
because it's awesome and it really made
me fangirl because I know it's going to
happen next unfortunately but also know
is suffering from the chignon syndrome
right now she's badass in the virtual
world but in the real world she's weak
or has no say so what goes on in her
life so I really like that we get that
feeling back in this arc as well because
I personally believe that's what made us
as an audience you know kind of relate
and get closer to scheana because of
that fact the Austin and seconds fight
was amazing i like how in second /
austin instead leafa went like damn that
has to hurt but i like how when austin
ah finally gets her resolve second goes
from this playful girl that just
obviously toying with arsenal to her
serious faces then kirito's like yeah
that's my bitch at one point it looks
like austin is on top but not second is
the big boss here and she even goes as
far as the kidnapper afterwards and say
we need your help so tell me who do you
think needs help and why so second
obviously needed someone near her
strength or someone strong enough to
help whoever she's referring to out with
something but this episode was really
amazing to be partly because the content
that we got really was awesome we got
some more development from Austin Arthur
see what's going on with her and her
real life because we really don't see
that too often like I believe chignon
was really the only character that we
actually go deep into what they are
going through in their real life so it's
really nice to see a character like
Austin I get that development and also
it's so amazing to see second and it's
just knowing what I know man i'm looking
forward to so much but I'm mad at myself
at the same time but tell me what you
guys think what do you think second is
going to ask austin
do why is she so strong and why does she
just straight-up live in this world why
is she in this virtual world all the
time being away this man Jamie did she
like color subscribing up
I
Oh